/*********************************************
*   Copyrights 2016 Akshit Shah and Aagam Shah
*   All Rights Reserved
*
*
*   The information contained herein is property of the Authors.
*   The copying and distribution of the files is prohibited except
*   by express written agreement with the Authors.
*
*
*   Authors: Akshit Shah and Aagam Shah
*   Date Edited: 18 Sept 2016
*
********************************************************/

This README file contains the following:

"Source Files": Contains a list of Source files.
"Header Files" : Contains a list of Header files.
"File Description" :Details for each file have been provided and they are arranged alphabetically
"Directory Description": Details about the list of directories and their contents have been provided and they are arranged alphabetically.
"Makefile Target Description": Describes the target description of the Makefile.


Project Name
--------
Build System & C programming Review


Source Files
------------
main.c project_1.c memory.c data.c


Header Files
------------
project_1.h memory.h data.h


File Description
----------------

main.c: The primary function is called for this project

project_1.c: The primary function is defined for this project

project_1.h: It contains the prototype of all functions in project_1.c

memory.c: It defines the function definitions for memory operations

memory.h: It contains the prototype of all functions in memory.c 

data.c: It defines the function definitions for data operations

data.h: It contains the prototype of all functions in data.c

sources.mk: It includes a list of source files and include paths that are needed to be used for the build system

Makefile: It includes targets for execution of the project


Directory Description
----------------------
source: It contains all the source files

asm: It contains all the .s files which are generated through native compilation
	
output: It contains all the .o files which are generated by %.o target

object: It contains all the .o files which are generated through native compilation

object_cross: It contains all the .o files which are generated through cross compilation


sources.mk
----------
It is included in Makefile. This file contains a list of source files and header files which the Makefile has to access. It also contains paths to the source files and the header files which are being accessed.


Makefile Target Description
---------------------------

preprocess:
%.i: It generates the preprocessed output of any individual file. The input filename should be main.i or project_1.i or memory.i or data.i

file.i: It generates the preprocessed output of all files.

asm-file:
%.s: It generates the assembly output of any single individual file. The input filename should be main.s or project_1.s or memory.s or data.s

file.s: It generates the assembly output of all files.

%.o: It individually compiles any single object file. The input filename should be main.o or project_1.o or memory.o or data.o

compile-all: It compiles all the object files but does not link them

compile-all-BBB: It compiles all the object files for BBB but does not link them

build: This target compiles, links all the object files and generates the executable named 'project'

build-BBB: This target compiles, links all the object files for BBB and generates the executable named 'project'

upload:It copies executable file project from host machine into the /home/debian/bin directory of the Beaglebone

clean: It removes all the compiled object files,executables,preprocessed output,assembly output and build outputs and all other files which have been generated by the targets. It does not affect the source files or the header files.

all: It compiles and links all the source and header files and generates an executable named 'project'



Authors
------
Akshit Shah,Aagam Shah


Contact Information
-------------------
Akshit Shah: aksh9247@colorado.edu
Aagam Shah: aagam.shah@colorado.edu





